jpei@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Jian Pei
veronica@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Veronica Dahl
stella@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Stella Atkins
funda@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Funda Ergun
kamal@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Kamal Gupta
jcliu@cs.sfu.ca
ljilja@cs.sfu.ca
angiez@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Angie Zhang
tayebi@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Mohammad Tayebi
mehta@cs.sfu.ca
Possible full name: Manish Mehta
barbara_hilden@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Barbara Hilden
karissa_ketter@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Karissa Ketter
gustavo_balbinot@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Gustavo Balbinot
marilyn_e_trautman@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Marilyn Trautman
shivani_kundra@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Shivani Kundra
damon_van_der_linde@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Damon Linde
sarah_mckay@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Sarah McKay
kieran_cox@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Kieran Cox
amr_marzouk@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Amr Marzouk
alexis_carr@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Alexis Carr
barbara_hilden@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Barbara Hilden
karissa_ketter@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Karissa Ketter
gustavo_balbinot@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Gustavo Balbinot
marilyn_e_trautman@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Marilyn Trautman
shivani_kundra@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Shivani Kundra
damon_van_der_linde@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Damon Linde
sarah_mckay@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Sarah McKay
kieran_cox@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Kieran Cox
amr_marzouk@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Amr Marzouk
alexis_carr@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Alexis Carr
barbara_hilden@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Barbara Hilden
karissa_ketter@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Karissa Ketter
gustavo_balbinot@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Gustavo Balbinot
marilyn_e_trautman@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Marilyn Trautman
shivani_kundra@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Shivani Kundra
damon_van_der_linde@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Damon Linde
sarah_mckay@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Sarah McKay
kieran_cox@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Kieran Cox
amr_marzouk@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Amr Marzouk
alexis_carr@sfu.ca
Possible full name: Alexis Carr
